{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fnil Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22621}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\ul\f0\fs22 Title/Synopsis:\ulnone  Update the as-built electrical single-line diagram.\par
\par
\ul Recommendation:\ulnone\par
Update the as-built electrical single-line diagrams per FM Global Property Loss Prevention Data Sheets 5-19, \i Switchgear and Circuit Breakers\i0 ; and 5-20, \i Electrical Testing\i0 .\par
\ul\b\par
\b0 Technical Detail:\par
\b\par
Identified Deficiencies:\ulnone\b0\line\b - \b0 The as-built electrical single-line diagram was last updated 2018. Since then, many important changes have occurred at the site, and to its electrical infrastructure. This was confirmed by site management.\line - The applicable electrical rooms also had out-of-date drawings posted.\line\line\ul\b Revision Guidance:\ulnone\b0\line Drawings, and electrical system studies, should be updated every five years. (\i see Note 1\i0 )\par
- In the absance of significant updates, maintain updated redlines; update at the next practical availability\par
- Where changes are minimal/not significant, an acceptable/common practice is to provide a signature line, with a "Validated by" and "Date Validated"; especially for those drawings posted in electrical rooms.\par
\par
\ul\b General Guidance:\ulnone\b0\par
- It is highly recommended to have/keep this living document up to date; this should be included in the management of change (MOC) program for evaluation.\line - Once established, this vital information will be used for any proposed changes or additions under the MOC program.\line - Unless equipment is being replaced with "like-kind", or no changes have occurred, the electrical as-built single-line diagram, and electrical system studies, need to be updated at least every five years.\line - This should be under a document control and review system, including the drawings posted in the electrical rooms. This will ensure all parties involved will have the latest information to make informed decisions.\line\par
Note 1: The required electrical system studies are needed to perform an arc-flash hazard analysis (arc-flash study). The arc-flash study also provides a version of the electrical single-line diagram; this \i is not\i0  the as-built version. \par
\line For additional information, please engage a specialized vendor, and the applicable industry standards (e.g., NFPA 70-E, IEEE/NETA).\par
\par

\pard\cf1\f1\fs20\par
}
